hello everybody welcome back to another
episode of the microphone and today
we're here on the map of surviving is
for joined by the lovely diamonds craft
MC and the other lovely MC unforgettable
I can see all that lovely to you yeah oh
yeah he's a side to you can keep right
but anyway we're we're all here today
because we're all in the can't get a
recording club so you know we all
decided to join together and make the
three teen clubs so yeah I'm pretty sure
we can get that recording now I'm a
pretty big fan of the club I know I we
kind of join together like two minutes
ago you know I feel like we're all just
brothers now I ain't that I don't know
to see my brother's name then keep I
still can't see oh it's a little
confusing but you'll get it I promise
I'm kind of the top dog oh ok ok I told
you it's a fucking MC on fudge table ok
there you go I like networks holy crap I
put it on sushi you don't want me hungry
imma get some pudding after that's cool
oh my gosh I want put in the only way I
can go get pudding is if I walk down to
the market the market yeah is it it's
like about a 23 it's more swag you won't
get that UT ok I think this is a hacker
honestly worried visit my mother cran
where yet or damn I got my fire i met
the creature giveaway at triple tree 30
yo yo I'm gonna drop you like that much
yo ma I'm all the way across the map and
come back i'ma drop your weapon come on
over no one here I thought someone was
chasing yeah he wasn't there he was
chasing me high definition I'm you said
you by the acclaimed I don't like I'm
not the cranes now they're gonna I'm not
like the about the elliptic hold crane
like this yes sir this is crazy i spawn
saw that right
those sick let's do this ninja I'm gonna
Sasson down giving this as intriguing oh
holy crow oh holy 360 dude I just jumped
off a building 360 Logan I'm honestly
one of the biggest freaking Assassin's
Creed like that's my favorite game ever
holy crab two years the disease know
what the Winston once this video comes
only green out five that money scary I
married somebody to Mike who's that no
like it just I love the game yours
accessories if I'm excited on it yeah I
p ordered it can everybody like seven
screen Oh yo Sam Acho yeah holy crap
it's a team of two oh baby oh baby a
clean up oh baby clean up oh baby a
clean up I'm oh there we go there we go
there you go I'm gonna watch them drop
down I don't know if it could be careful
before you yeah I'm gonna eat this a
bread bread 10th richest dude all right
like are you shut hey y'all I'm
something here filled if anyone else
come over here Sam do I just go meet up
with Kevin anything we came out okay
like I think we can take him out all
right not have a word just kind of at
the live like the story like a billion
story building basically coming down
safe here all right i'll call you guys
and do there's like a million people
here I didn't Wendy Wright and yellow
yep I wish I'm not hitting you holy crap
oh I bet I did the same I can hear for
just leaving did you see rectum like me
really steal both of them usually
honestly that was like perfect teamwork
do don't come towards you guys in come
clear guys I don't want a bitchy but I
yo yo yo you want it okay writers juice
here he's here he's here is here and i
miss is yours sir i'm pretty sure this
is the building in detroit i have an
eyesore Oh yoyoyoyo dear get out of here
get out here get out of there right he's
already hi hi just look good friends
it's like a movie
what about your being chased oh crap I
can't freakin stand on this fence Larry
oh hey yeah I see em you peed like today
like Oh quite a while bro I'm not we did
you have any noticed our clan is like
kinda like a NBA team for a state
instead like our clans a team for our
freakiness MCS she know it swordfish oh
yeah we're doing you for swordfish
swordfish pride hey let's do this but i
love how viewing hold me back yeah do
people are still confused about what
swordfish is and you know what I'm not
gonna tell you is it pretty much it is
no known as little time they can they
can let their imagination run wild
pretty much it's oh I just want you is
it would it's here in this no not this
swatch ha that's a swordfish that's what
swordfish is it Santa knows it a chance
knows that's what's our bitches yeah
basically so now you know it's not a
friend group it's not recording groove
it's not an S&P it's a nose I got scared
sense all hole behind oh my god dude
where is everyone what should a
community oh my it's a given it's a
Dimond hey where's everyone do we cover
my eyes the people take him out you see
you see me efficace both of the know you
knew Jeff finesse was on point dude I
told you men have a peek I haven't F&S
like a long time that was like perfect
you're like bam bam oh just us three
okay Oh like this hey I'm can I kill you
lately I can kill you right oh I won't
go down dog crap this iron surd come
here a goat a secret both TV but the
pigment oh oh I can see how it is now Oh
ears oh my gosh here I want to show you
some of the line no 10 the diamond is a
lie oh ok I I killed you telekinesis yep
alright but thank you all so much
watching so do micros well you silly but
if you did enjoy go ahead and check out
ray and save in the description below
and I will lag you late penis it's yeah